README.md, before:

# xcsync

<!-- [![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/dnceng-public/public/_apis/build/status%2Fdotnet%2Faspire%2Fdotnet.aspire?branchName=main)](https://dev.azure.com/dnceng-public/public/_build/latest?definitionId=274&branchName=main) -->
[![Help Wanted](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/dotnet/xcsync/help%20wanted?style=flat&color=%24EC820&label=help%20wanted)](https://github.com/dotnet/xcsync/labels/help%20wanted)
[![Good First Issue](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/dotnet/xcsync/good%20first%20issue?style=flat&color=%24EC820&label=good%20first%20issue)](https://github.com/dotnet/xcsync/labels/good%20first%20issue)

## What is xcsync?

The xcsync .NET tool enables developers to leverage Xcode for managing Apple specific files with .NET projects. 

## What is in this repo?

The xcsync library and tool source and tests are contained in this repo.

## Using latest daily builds

Follow instructions in [docs/using-latest-daily.md](docs/using-latest-daily.md) to get started using xcsync with the latest daily build.

## How can I contribute?

We welcome contributions! Many people all over the world have helped make .NET better.

Follow instructions in [docs/CONTRIBUTING.md](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) for working in the code in the repository.

## Reporting security issues and security bugs

Security issues and bugs should be reported privately, via email, to the Microsoft Security Response Center (MSRC) <secure@microsoft.com>. You should receive a response within 24 hours. If for some reason you do not, please follow up via email to ensure we received your original message. Further information, including the MSRC PGP key, can be found in the [Security TechCenter](https://www.microsoft.com/msrc/faqs-report-an-issue). You can also find these instructions in this repo's [Security doc](docs/SECURITY.md).

Also see info about related [Microsoft .NET Core Bug Bounty Program](https://www.microsoft.com/msrc/bounty-dot-net-core).

## .NET Foundation

This project is a [.NET Foundation](https://www.dotnetfoundation.org/projects) project.

There are many .NET related projects on GitHub.

* [.NET home repo](https://github.com/Microsoft/dotnet) - links to 100s of .NET projects, from Microsoft and the community.
* [.NET MAUI](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/maui) - the best place to start learning about .NET MAUI.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## License

The code in this repo is licensed under the [MIT](LICENSE.TXT) license.

## Trademarks

This project may contain trademarks or logos for projects, products, or services. Authorized use of Microsoft trademarks or logos is subject to and must follow [Microsoft’s Trademark & Brand Guidelines](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks). Use of Microsoft trademarks or logos in modified versions of this project must not cause confusion or imply Microsoft sponsorship. Any use of third-party trademarks or logos are subject to those third-party’s policies.

Commit message:

Update installation and usage instructions (#147)

README.md, after:

# xcsync

<!-- [![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/dnceng-public/public/_apis/build/status%2Fdotnet%2Faspire%2Fdotnet.aspire?branchName=main)](https://dev.azure.com/dnceng-public/public/_build/latest?definitionId=274&branchName=main) -->
[![Help Wanted](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/dotnet/xcsync/help%20wanted?style=flat&color=%24EC820&label=help%20wanted)](https://github.com/dotnet/xcsync/labels/help%20wanted)
[![Good First Issue](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/dotnet/xcsync/good%20first%20issue?style=flat&color=%24EC820&label=good%20first%20issue)](https://github.com/dotnet/xcsync/labels/good%20first%20issue)

## What is xcsync?

The xcsync .NET tool enables developers to leverage Xcode for managing Apple specific files with .NET projects. 

## What is in this repo?

The xcsync library and tool source and tests are contained in this repo.

## Installation and Usage
.NET xcsync is published to the [NuGet.org Gallery](https://www.nuget.org/packages/dotnet-xcsync) as a [.NET Tool](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/global-tools). To install the latest preview of .NET xcsync, use the `dotnet tool install` comamnd as shown:
> dotnet tool install --global dotnet-xcsync --prerelease

You can then run the tool from a project folder like so:
> xcsync generate

or
> xcsync sync

Run the `xcsync` command without any arguments to display the help.

## Using latest daily builds

Follow instructions in [docs/using-latest-daily.md](docs/using-latest-daily.md) to get started using xcsync with the latest daily build.

## How can I contribute?

We welcome contributions! Many people all over the world have helped make .NET better.

Follow instructions in [docs/CONTRIBUTING.md](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) for working in the code in the repository.

## Reporting security issues and security bugs

Security issues and bugs should be reported privately, via email, to the Microsoft Security Response Center (MSRC) <secure@microsoft.com>. You should receive a response within 24 hours. If for some reason you do not, please follow up via email to ensure we received your original message. Further information, including the MSRC PGP key, can be found in the [Security TechCenter](https://www.microsoft.com/msrc/faqs-report-an-issue). You can also find these instructions in this repo's [Security doc](docs/SECURITY.md).

Also see info about related [Microsoft .NET Core Bug Bounty Program](https://www.microsoft.com/msrc/bounty-dot-net-core).

## .NET Foundation

This project is a [.NET Foundation](https://www.dotnetfoundation.org/projects) project.

There are many .NET related projects on GitHub.

* [.NET home repo](https://github.com/Microsoft/dotnet) - links to 100s of .NET projects, from Microsoft and the community.
* [.NET MAUI](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/maui) - the best place to start learning about .NET MAUI.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## License

The code in this repo is licensed under the [MIT](LICENSE.TXT) license.

## Trademarks

This project may contain trademarks or logos for projects, products, or services. Authorized use of Microsoft trademarks or logos is subject to and must follow [Microsoft’s Trademark & Brand Guidelines](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks). Use of Microsoft trademarks or logos in modified versions of this project must not cause confusion or imply Microsoft sponsorship. Any use of third-party trademarks or logos are subject to those third-party’s policies.
